# Where to get help

As new problems pop up, there's a chance that the information you need
won't be in this repository.

## Man pages are your friend

Whenever you're having problem with a specific command or technology,
`man` pages are your best friend. For almost any widely used command,
there'll be an extensive manual waiting for you to read. `man` pages are
usually reference manuals, so be prepared to skim and/or search around
for the information that you need -- there's no need to try to
understand everything at once.

If the `man` pages are too verbose, usually the `-h` (or `--help`) flag
should give a more concise message for you (e.g. `docker -h`).

## The Interwebs

No matter what the problem is, there's a very good chance that the
answer is already waiting for you somewhere on the Internet. Aside from
the usual (i.e. Google and Stack Overflow),
[ArchWiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/) is a good resource for most
Linux sysadmin tasks and
[DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials) hosts a
huge number of tutorials that might help.

If you're having trouble with specific tools, check out their docs and
forums. If you can't find anything, most open source projects have some
kind of chat system where you can get help. Older projects will usually
have a [Freenode IRC channel](https://freenode.net/) while newer
projects often opt for either a [Gitter](https://gitter.im/) chat or a
public Slack.

## Ping someone on Slack

If you can't find the answer, feel free to ping people on the #i-website
channel. Don't PM people immediately -- it's better if we have a public
record about where people needed help so we know where to shore up our
documentation -- but if nobody responds in a day or two, go ahead and PM
people on the website team.
